blockchain-development-kit/accelerators/corda-integration-accelerator/service-bus-integration/corda-local-network/docs/QuickStart.md, before:

# Quick Start 
[Index](Index.md)

This sets a network to run the [refrigerated transport](../../../cordapps/refrigerated-transportation/README.md)
example. A prebuilt CorDapp is included here, so there is no need to build this project. 

## Building 

These assume a working Java dev environment with at a minimum Java 8. 

```bash
./gradlew clean jar -x test
```

This will result in Java JAR file with the app. To run this on the default port of 1114.

```bash
java -jar build/libs/corda-local-network.jar 
```

## Local DNS 

All services are configured to communicate using known host names (which match 
the service name). Under unix, set the following in <code>/etc/hosts</code>:

<pre>
127.0.0.1       corda-local-network
</pre>


## Deploying a CorDapp

### 1. Create a network 

The command below creates a new network for all the parties. It might take a minute or two to run. Note that 
the "1" is the network name - multiple networks with different logical names can be created, though the 
current implementation only one can running at a time. The "1" is taken in order to match the "connectionId"
value in Azure Workbench messages, which currently defaults to 1.

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes/create \
--data '["O=Notary,L=London,C=GB","O=ContosoLtd,L=Seatle,C=US","O=WorldWideImporters,L=Memphhsis,C=US","O=NorthwindTraders,L=Copenhagen,C=DK","O=WoodgroveBank,L=london,C=GB","O=Device01,L=london,C=GB","O=Device02,L=Shanghai,C=CN","O=TasmanianTraders,L=Bentonville,C=US"]'
```

You can list the nodes with:

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes
```

Or get more info on a particular node with 

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes/ContosoLtd/config
```


### 2. Deploy the CorDapp

The command below uploads the CorDapp to all nodes. 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/apps/refrigerated-transportation/deploy \
 --data-binary  @../../cordapps/refrigerated-transportation/lib/refrigerated-transportation.jar 
```

### 3. Run the network

Simply call the start command. 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/start 
```

The nodes will actually startup in the background and may take a few minutes. A simple way of testing 
is see if the port is accepting requests (the port is obtained by 'config' endpoint above)

```bash
telnet corda-local-network 10014 
```

You can also check the status endpoint, e.g. 

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes/ContosoLtd/status
```

### 4. Call your workflow 

As by default this process doesn't deploy a webapp, the only communication is via RPC. Annoyingly this makes 
it hard to do or see anything without some kind of client app running such as Azure Workbench or
 the [corda-transaction-builder](../../corda-transaction-builder/docs/Index.md).  However it is 
possible to view and run flows via the ssh console. 

To connect to the ContosoLtd node (password is 'test')

```bash
ssh -p 10014 corda-local-network -l user1 
```

As certs are regenerated, ssh might detect a key mismatch and abort the login, 
in which case one option is below (_don't try this on prod_) 

```bash
ssh -p 10014 localhost -l user1 -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null 
```

Once in the console 'flow list' will show all available flows. Output will be similar to below

```bash
Wed Oct 10 16:19:08 BST 2018>>> flow list
net.corda.core.flows.ContractUpgradeFlow$Authorise
net.corda.core.flows.ContractUpgradeFlow$Deauthorise
net.corda.core.flows.ContractUpgradeFlow$Initiate
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.Initiator
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.CompleteFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.CreateFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.CreateFlowViaWorkbench
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.IngestTelemetryFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.PingFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.TransferResponsibilityFlow
```

And 'flow start' runs a flow.  

```bash
Wed Oct 10 16:43:57 BST 2018>>> flow start PingFlow

✓ Running
✓ Done

```

### 5. Shutdown 

Stop the network with 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/stop 
``` 
    
Delete it with 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/delete 
```     

### 6. Troubleshooting 

It's a bit limited, but to see what Java processes are running 

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/processes
```

To see what task have been run (_each command will result in one or more internal tasks_)

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/tasks/history
```

By default data will be at `~/.corda-local-network/1/`

There is a directory for each node with logs in the standard locations for a Corda Node

Commit message:

Latest Corda Integration from R3.  - config mismatch / hardcoding breaking the examples  - added complete “step by step” set of instructions in scenarios  - fixing bugs in the docker scripts  - hardening the logic for keeping track of running Corda nodes

blockchain-development-kit/accelerators/corda-integration-accelerator/service-bus-integration/corda-local-network/docs/QuickStart.md, after:

# Quick Start 
[Index](Index.md)

This sets a network to run the [refrigerated transport](../../../cordapps/refrigerated-transportation/README.md)
example. A prebuilt CorDapp is included here, so there is no need to build this project. 

These steps assume that you have Unix bash terminal open and the current directory is the 
project's the root folder, 'corda-local-network'.

## Building 

These assume a working Java dev environment with at a minimum Java 8. 

```bash
./gradlew clean jar -x test
```

This will result in Java JAR file with the app. To run this on the default port of 1114.

```bash
java -jar build/libs/corda-local-network.jar 
```

## Local DNS 

All services are configured to communicate using known host names (which match 
the service name). Under Unix, set the following in <code>/etc/hosts</code>:

<pre>
127.0.0.1       corda-local-network
</pre>


## Deploying a CorDapp

### 1. Create a network 

The command below creates a new network for all the parties. It might take a minute or two to run. Note that 
the "1" is the network name - multiple networks with different logical names can be created, though the 
current implementation only one can running at a time. The "1" is taken in order to match the "connectionId"
value in Azure Workbench messages, which currently defaults to 1.

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes/create \
--data '["O=Notary,L=London,C=GB","O=ContosoLtd,L=Seatle,C=US","O=WorldWideImporters,L=Memphhsis,C=US","O=NorthwindTraders,L=Copenhagen,C=DK","O=WoodgroveBank,L=london,C=GB","O=Device01,L=london,C=GB","O=Device02,L=Shanghai,C=CN","O=TasmanianTraders,L=Bentonville,C=US"]'
```

You can list the nodes with:

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes
```

Or get more info on a particular node with 

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes/ContosoLtd/config
```


### 2. Deploy the CorDapp

The command below uploads the CorDapp to all nodes. 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/apps/refrigerated-transportation/deploy \
 --data-binary  @../../cordapps/refrigerated-transportation/lib/refrigerated-transportation.jar 
```

### 3. Run the network

Simply call the start command. 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/start 
```

The nodes will actually startup in the background and may take a few minutes. A simple way of testing 
is see if the port is accepting requests (the port is obtained by 'config' endpoint above)

```bash
telnet corda-local-network 10014 
```

You can also check the status endpoint, e.g. 

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/nodes/ContosoLtd/status
```

### 4. Call your workflow 

As by default this process doesn't deploy a webapp, the only communication is via RPC. Annoyingly this makes 
it hard to do or see anything without some kind of client app running such as Azure Workbench or
 the [corda-transaction-builder](../../corda-transaction-builder/docs/Index.md).  However it is 
possible to view and run flows via the ssh console. 

To connect to the ContosoLtd node (password is 'test')

```bash
ssh -p 10014 corda-local-network -l user1 
```

As certs are regenerated, ssh might detect a key mismatch and abort the login, 
in which case one option is below (_don't try this on prod_) 

```bash
ssh -p 10014 localhost -l user1 -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null 
```

Once in the console 'flow list' will show all available flows. Output will be similar to below

```bash
Wed Oct 10 16:19:08 BST 2018>>> flow list
net.corda.core.flows.ContractUpgradeFlow$Authorise
net.corda.core.flows.ContractUpgradeFlow$Deauthorise
net.corda.core.flows.ContractUpgradeFlow$Initiate
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.Initiator
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.CompleteFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.CreateFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.CreateFlowViaWorkbench
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.IngestTelemetryFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.PingFlow
net.corda.workbench.refrigeratedTransportation.flow.TransferResponsibilityFlow
```

And 'flow start' runs a flow.  

```bash
Wed Oct 10 16:43:57 BST 2018>>> flow start PingFlow

✓ Running
✓ Done

```

### 5. Shutdown 

Stop the network with 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/stop 
``` 
    
Delete it with 

```bash
curl -X POST  http://corda-local-network:1114/1/delete 
```     

### 6. Troubleshooting 

It's a bit limited, but to see what Java processes are running 

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/processes
```

To see what task have been run (_each command will result in one or more internal tasks_)

```bash
curl http://corda-local-network:1114/1/tasks/history
```

By default data will be at `~/.corda-local-network/1/`

There is a directory for each node with logs in the standard locations for a Corda Node
